link: https://www.yahoo.com/beauty/bodybuilder-bodyshamed-woman-love-handles-111759049.html 
title: Bodybuilder who bodyshamed woman with 'love handles' at the gym causes widespread outrage 
contents: Stock image: Getty ImagesMore As they said in the wonderful This Girl Can campaign of 2015, you may be slow, but you’re still lapping everyone on the couch by getting out there and exercising. But this is a message one bodybuilder appeared to forget when she publicly shamed a woman at the gym for her “love handles.” Londoner Diana Andrews took a photo of a fellow gym-goer on the treadmill. (Instagram)More She posted it on her Instagram story with the caption “love handles”. Bodybuilder Andrews then posted another photo saying “I bet she’s ordering [burgers] for delivery,” in reference to the fact that the woman on the treadmill was also on the phone. Unsurprisingly, Andrews has received a huge backlash for her posts and has now deleted many of her social media accounts. The posts were screen-grabbed and widely circulated online due to general outrage at Andrews’ comments. “This is why most people hate going to the gym to try and better themselves,” one woman wrote in a support group for woman on Facebook. Andrews has been highly criticised for adding to the pressure on women to have the “perfect” body. She has, however, spoken out about the furore. “I realised that I was wrong to make this silly joke. It wasn’t my intention to body shame, hurt or disrespect anyone,” Andrews wrote on Snapchat. She then claimed on Facebook that she was merely commenting on the fact that the woman was on her phone: “I saw this girl walking on the treadmill talking on her phone and I made a video and added a comment that she’s probably ordering take away,” Andrews wrote, according to The Sun. Her account has now been deleted. The whole incident is unfortunately only likely to add to the insecurity so many women feel about their bodies. “I wish people like Diana would realise that tearing someone else down for how they look won’t make you feel any better about yourself,” body-positive blogger Megan Crabbe told The Huffington Post. Crabbe also shared a message for the woman on the treadmill: “There is nothing wrong with your body, the only thing wrong here is people thinking your body is their business to comment on and judge.” 

link: https://www.yahoo.com/news/7-reasons-skirt-secret-weapon-170906983.html 
title: 7 Reasons a Skirt Is Your Secret Weapon for Building Winter-to-Spring Outfits 
contents: 7 Reasons a Skirt Is Your Secret Weapon for Building Winter-to-Spring Outfits Marie ClaireMarch 14, 2017 Way more versatile and less chilly than you might think. From Marie Claire 

link: https://www.yahoo.com/news/dodge-announces-hellcat-beating-challenger-140148482.html 
title: Watch the Dodge Demon downshift into Drag Mode in this muscle car teaser video 
contents: dodge challenger demon news rumors teaser specs srt hellcat back angleMore Dodge has announced a new version of the Challenger muscle car that will be even more extreme than the vaunted Hellcat. The aptly named Demon is the company’s next hot rod, and it’s scheduled to make its official debut in mid-April at the New York Auto Show. To build up enthusiasm, Dodge is releasing new information about the Demon every week until it breaks cover — so get comfortable and grab some popcorn, because it’s going to be a long ride. The juiciest details — such as how much power it will boast — are still under wraps. Excited yet? Here’s everything we know so far about what’s shaping up to be the ultimate muscle car of the 21st century. Performance The Fiat-owned brand promised the upcoming Demon will raise the bar in terms of power and speed. Nothing is official at this point, but we’re inclined to believe it will boast more grunt than the 707-horsepower Hellcat. The Demon could also use a high-performance version of the new Challenger GT‘s all-wheel drive system to transfer its power to the asphalt, though this is still idle speculation. Similarly, it’s too early to tell whether the fire-breathing supercharged V8 will shift through a manual or an automatic transmission. More: Dodge brings the Viper back from the dead to satisfy demand from collectors “Most cars attempt to be everything to everybody. Then there are the rare few that revel in a single objective, rendering them totally irresistible to a subculture. The Dodge Challenger SRT Demon is conceived, designed, and engineered for a subculture of enthusiasts who know that a tenth is a car and a half second is your reputation,” said Dodge boss Tim Kuniskis. Chassis Dodge has upgraded the steering system and fitted bigger Brembo brakes on both axles to keep the V8’s prodigious power in check. The Demon also receives a set of extra-wide 18-inch wheels wrapped by Nitto tires that blur the line between street-legal and drag-racing rubber. More width equals more grip, and the setup is so wide that Dodge had to give the Demon fender flares. The Demon weighs over 200 pounds less than the Hellcat, which is quite portly at about 4,500 pounds. One of Dodge’s teaser videos confirms the Demon gets a Drag Mode that optimizes performance for drag strip use, and an all-new suspension system with Blistein shocks that maximize weight transfer, traction, and control. With all these go-fast goodies on board, we can’t wait to find out how fast the Demon blasts through the quarter mile. Design and tech The next evolution of the Challenger will scream power thanks to a specific hood with a wide, thin scoop and the largest cold air intake ever fitted to a production vehicle. Named Air Grabber, it measures more than 45 square inches. The Demon also benefits from a comprehensive body kit that includes a splitter at the bottom of the front bumper, and a discreet spoiler mounted on the trunk lid. In short, it’s not for those looking to keep a low profile. The Demon will come standard with Dodge’s well-regarded Uconnect infotainment system, which groups the car’s navigation, connectivity, and entertainment functions into a single easy-to-use unit. A model-specific menu named Performance Pages will provide real-time data such as how much horsepower and torque the engine is generating, the temperature of the supercharger’s intercooler, and g-forces, as well as vital information such as the oil pressure and the coolant temperature. Dodge promises the Demon will be the first car fitted from the factory with an after-run chiller. An engine gets exceptionally hot after high-speed jaunts, so the driver will be able to program the cooling fan and the intercooler to run even when the ignition is turned off until a certain temperature is reached. This system ensures the V8 lasts longer by putting less wear on mechanical components. From the road to the track Designed for the mechanically inclined, the Demon will come with a crate full of Snap-On tools and parts so that owners can go from a street- to a track-oriented setup by turning a few wrenches. The box will be filled with eighteen components including Demon-branded tools (including a hydraulic floor jack and a torque wrench), matching spare wheels, performance parts, and what Dodge calls a Track Pack system. Dodge will publish additional videos every week until the Challenger Demon is unveiled in the Big Apple on April 11. The coupe will be branded a 2018 model when it arrives in showrooms. Act fast if you want one, because it might debut as a limited-edition model. Updated on March 14, 2017, by Ronan Glon: Added up-to-date information about the Demon’s Performance Pages. 2018 Ford Mustang performance, specs, rumors, and news Packing 475hp, the 2018 Durango SRT is the family hauler with an attitude Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked spy shots: Is there a headphone jack? 

link: https://www.yahoo.com/news/jennifer-lopez-sweats-beach-while-041809261.html 
title: Jennifer Lopez Sweats on the Beach While in the Bahamas with Beau Alex Rodriguez 
contents: Jennifer Lopez Sweats on the Beach While in the Bahamas with Beau Alex RodriguezMore Let’s get toned! Jennifer Lopez flaunted her bikini-ready body while working out at a beachside gym atBakers Bay Golf & Ocean Clubin the Bahamas on Monday after spending time with her new boyfriend, Alex Rodriguez. The 47-year-old showed off her figure in a lime green sports bra and black leggings that had a matching lime green trim. RELATED VIDEO:Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez Are Dating The “Love Don’t Cost a Thing” singer posted a photo to her Instagram story of her and Rodriguez cozying up to each other on Sunday afternoon only to delete the snap moments later. The selfie showed Lopez’s face clearly while the former baseball star appears to be nuzzling her ear, his face hidden by her hair. FROM COINAGE:These Athletes Are Only Getting Richer After Leaving the Field A source told PEOPLE that Lopez and Rodriguez headed to the Bahamas late Friday night. Located on Great Guana Cay about 200 miles off the coast of Florida, the private resort offers club-owned watercraft vehicles, a state-of-the-art fitness area, a luxurious spa and much more. JLo and A-Rod were both in Miami on Friday. Lopezwas spotted boarding a plane with hertwins Max and Emme, 9, that day, while Rodriguez spokeat the Global Forum Miami event for the Wharton School of Business. The romantic getaway is likely one of many to come, as Rodriguez himself a parent of twoto daughters Ella Alexander, 8, and Natasha Alexander, 12 seems smitten with the actress and singer. “A-Rod has always been taken with the beauty and personality of Jennifer Lopez,”asource recently told PEOPLE of the retired Yankees player. “She is his dream girl.” This article was originally published on PEOPLE.com 

link: null 
title: null 
contents: null 

